This is a simply Web Application for REST API program using Python and Flask\
Creating Swagger Documentation and Generating Server code\

1)let’s define the application first.
-It will adhere to Swagger 2.0 version
-This is the first version of the application
-It will have one endpoint /greetings, which returns the list of greetings as a JSON object.

2) Copy and paste the following JSON in the Swagger Editor https://editor.swagger.io/. You will get a prompt which says Would you like to convert your JSON into YAML? . Press Cancel to paste the content.
             {
              "swagger": "2.0",
              "info": {
                "version": "1.0",
                "title": "Our first generated REST API",
                "description": "<h2>This is a sample server code the is generated from Swagger Documenation with Swagger Editor</h2>"
              },
          
              "paths": {
                "/greetings": {
                  "get": {
                    "summary": "Returns a list of Greetings",
                    "tags": ["Hello in Different Languages"],
                    "description": "Returns greetings in different languages",
                    "produces": [
                      "application/json"
                    ],
                    "responses": {
                      "200": {
                        "description": "OK"
                      }
                    }
                  }
                }
              }
          }
   #You will see the Swagger UI automatically appearing on the right. You cannot test it yet as your application is not defined and running yet.

4)From the menu on top, click on Generate Server and select python-flask. This will automatically generate the server code as a zip file named python-flask-server-generated.zip. Download the zip file to your system.

5) On the terminal go to the /home/project directory. (where you insert your download zip file into the directory)
6) Check to see if the zip file that you just dragged and dropped, exists. example command: ls python-flask-server-generated.zip
7) Unzip the contents of the zip file into a directory named python-flask-server-generated by running the following command. example command: unzip python-flask-server-generated.zip -d python-flask-server-generated/
8) Change to the python-flask-server folder inside the folder you just extracted the zip file into. example command: cd python-flask-server-generated/python-flask-server
9) The entire server setup along with endpoint is done for you already. Let's build the server code. example command:docker build . -t mynewserver
10) Run the docker application now by running the following command. The server generated code automatically is configured to run on port 8080. example command: docker run -dp 8080:8080 mynewserver
11) To confirm that the service is running and your REST API works, execute the following command. example command: curl localhost:8080/greetings
12) Now you should stop the server. For this you need the docker container id #after click the command you will able to see the container id. Run the following command and copy the container id.Example command: docker ps | grep mynewserver
13) To stop the container you need to kill the instance referring to the container id you copied in the last step. Example command: docker kill <container_id>
14) n the file explorer go to, python-flask-server-generated/python-flask-server/swagger_server/controllers/hello_in_different_languages_controller.py. This is where you need to implement your actual response for the REST API.
15)Replace return 'do some magic!' with the following code. As this is the python code and the indentation in Python is very important, make sure you check the indentations error.
  hellos = {
  "English": "hello",
  "Hindi": "namastey",
  "Spanish": "hola",
  "French": "bonjour",
  "German": "guten tag",
  "Italian": "salve",
  "Chinese": "nǐn hǎo",
  "Portuguese": "olá",
  "Arabic": "asalaam alaikum",
  "Japanese": "konnichiwa",
  "Korean": "anyoung haseyo",
  "Russian": "Zdravstvuyte"
}

return hellos

16) Build the docker container again to ensure the changed code is taken in. Example command:docker build . -t mynewserver
17) Run the container now with the following command. You may notice that you are using -p instead of -dp. This is to ensure the server is not running in discreet mode and you are able to see errors if any. :Example command: docker run -p 8080:8080 mynewserver
18) Then click Launch Application, from there you enter the port no. as 8080 and click Your Application button. This will open a browser window. Append the path /greetings to the URL. You should see the greetings in the page.
